Explain feature flags in README for Platform UI (#1577)
stackrox/stackrox: ui/apps/platform/README.md

To run all end-to-end tests in a headless mode use `yarn test-e2e-demo-local`.
Make sure that `CYPRESS_DEMO_PASSWORD` is set with the Central Password for the
Demo Setup.

### Feature flags

#### Add a feature flag to frontend code

Given a feature flag environment variable `"ROX_WHATEVER"` in pkg/features/list.go:

> 1. Add `'ROX_NEW_POLICY_CATEGORIES'` to string enumeration type `FeatureFlagEnvVar` in ui/apps/platform/src/types/featureFlag.ts

Reviewer: Is this intended to be `NEW_POLICY_CATEGORIES`? This was the only part that was confusing to me.

```suggestion
1. Add `'ROX_WHATEVER'` to string enumeration type `FeatureFlagEnvVar` in ui/apps/platform/src/types/featureFlag.ts
```

Author: Good eyes!
